docs: improve explanation about the ESM pinning (#3363)
canonical/ubuntu-pro-client: docs/explanations/about_esm.rst

package, they will only take effect when the referenced sources are available, i.e. when the services are enabled. Otherwise, it
is safe to keep those files around.

> check the `apt configuration article`_ in the debian wiki to learn more about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
check the `APT configuration article`_ in the Debian wiki to learn more about
```

pinning and priorities.

Why do we set this preference for the ESM packages ?
====================================================

Once you enable the ESM services you have immediate access to the security

> updates provided by Canonical to your Ubuntu system. Setting the preference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
updates provided by Canonical for your Ubuntu system. Setting the preference
```

guarantees that no automatically installed updates will ever revert a
previously applied security patch, unless some manual operation overrides the

> default behaviour set by the Pro client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default behaviour set by the Pro Client.
```

How does this preference affect PPAs ?
======================================

If you have any third party PPAs configured on your system, then the ESM

> repositories are going to be preferred over these as well. That means if a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repositories will be preferred over these as well. That means if a
```

> particular package happens to have two different versions, one coming from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
particular package has two different versions (one coming from the
```

> PPA and the other from ESM, the ESM version will be chosen over, even if the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PPA and the other from ESM) the ESM version will be chosen, even if the
```

PPA version is higher.

> If you don't want this behavior, that is, you want the the PPA version to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want this behaviour, and you want the the PPA version to be
```

automatically installed instead, you need to set at least the same preference
value used for ESM (510) for the PPA. To do that, please check the

> `apt configuration article`_ in the debian wiki to learn more about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`APT configuration article`_ in the Debian wiki to learn more about
```
